# Flask Social Media Automation Application
Built on Flask using SQLAlchemy for DB

Functionality: 
As of the last README update, 2/26/24, the user can upload images/enter text, log in with their Instagram or Twitter credentials, and then either post immediately or schedule times at which they would like these images or tweets to be posted. Then at these times, the application will automatically upload these photos/tweets to their Instagram/Twitter page. The app also connects to the OpenAI API, so the user may type in a prompt. Then DALL-E creates an image off of the user-entered prompt, or a tweet is generated using GPT 3.5 Turbo, and it is uploaded to the user's Instagram/Twitter page. The same functionality also exists with liking and commenting on posts on Instagram. The user can  also schedule recurring tweets/images that AI generates. For example, a user can set an interval of 12 hours, then enter a prompt for AI, say "News Headlines about Stock Market". Then, every 2 hours, GPT 3.5 Turbo/DALL-E 2 will generate a new tweet/image based on that prompt, and upload it to their Twitter/Instagram profile. The same functionality exists with sending Emails from the user's Gmail account. Working on implementing access to external live data for post creation, and there is currently a news posting option that allows the user to generate a Tweet/Post featuring top news headlines of the day, which are obtained from NewsAPI. Added text over the images posted to instagram using PIL, but need to improve its appearance.  There is also email verification and forgot password and CSRF protection is used. 

